Well, praise the Lord, family.
I'm excited to be here tonight.
Let me start off and say good evening, family.
I've had a little bit of a cold the last couple of days because the ragweed is really high here.
My body tries to throw a little fit about ragweed; it doesn't like the ragweed too much.
That's all right, we'll do with what we have here.
Sorry if my voice is kind of raspy; it's from the drainage from the pollen.
It's a seasonal thing, you know.
I have some things on my heart to talk to y'all about.
There's a lot going on, of course, as we see on the news and in the spirit.
I feel it as I'm driving around today; I can feel it.
I told D, 'Boy, I tell you what, we're at an all-time high right now in the spirit realm.
' When you're praying, you can feel it—I always tell y'all it feels like pulses.
Whenever you're praying, you can feel the intensity of the heartbeat.
As you are praying, you can feel if it's a flatline versus if there's activity, and right now, it feels like there are major heartbeats where we are.
Next week is a very important week, as we all know.
It will lay to rest a lot of things.
I believe as we come into the 23rd and we get ready to have this acceleration of things, the point of no return.
Wednesday was the beginning of the first swell, and I could see in the water as I was praying, and I saw it in the spirit.
I could see the wave—not a wave, because a wave starts to move out and you see it going like this—but it was a swell.
I saw the ripple, the way the water was moving, and I could see it was getting big.
And the Lord said, 'You'll see this on Wednesday.
' And I said, 'What are we going to see on Wednesday?
' He goes, 'Pray about it.
It should be 50.
What you're praying into is 50 basis points.
' So as I was praying, I saw a certain man influencing the decision that was made on Wednesday.
As I was watching, because I don't give you numbers all the time, but I saw it was supposed to be bigger.
It came out half of what we were praying over privately, my wife and I, because I saw a man influencing on the opposite party in the middle of the night, a decision that was being made.
And because of the influence behind these men, they have a lot of money and they push things the way they want it to go.
So when I told you this is the devil's wheelhouse, you must stand with your authority of a believer and pray.
When I'm seeing in the spirit and I'm praying over things, visions change the outcome.
My job on YouTube and, as I believe, as a watchman is to bring you things to pray about.
Prayer either makes it or breaks it.
Does that make sense?
If you don't intercede as a believing believer and use your authority—and you say, 'Well, why do we have to use it?
'—it's because whatsoever things you bind on earth are whatsoever things are loosed, and whatsoever things are bound are dependent upon what you do, and you have to do it.
Jesus told you to do it.
So, we use our authority as believing believers and pray until Adam's lease is up.
Things will change.
So, I was annoyed with what I saw because I saw the swell needs to be bigger.
We're running out of time.
We have a window, and in this window, we will bring in the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before, from sea to shining sea, all around the world.
But the enemy tries to delay things in his own little way, how he tries to do things.
I know what the Lord has shown me concerning finances, and it is the jet fuel behind the jet to make it take off for this end-time revival.
It's the funding.
It will take billions and billions of dollars to support this major revival that's about to take place.
I bring things out and I pray about it with you because I try to be as discreet as I can be and say, 'This is what we're praying over.
' So number three, I saw the three officers that were taken out in Pennsylvania.
A very tragic situation took place.
Remember, I saw three police officers being shot.
And the Lord told me, 'We must pray over our law enforcement, our ICE, our Homeland Security, and our people who are out fighting on the front lines protecting us, giving law and order to our great nation.
' We must pray for our people who are out there.
You know what?
That's somebody's son, that's somebody's daughter, that's somebody's family out there risking their lives.
I have a brother who has been in law enforcement for a long time.
You look at people who put their lives on the line just to pull somebody over to give them a ticket because they're going 90 in a 50.
They're putting people's lives in danger just by their careless driving.
And they have to pull that idiot over to make sure they get the ticket and the punishment they deserve, risking their lives because you don't know who's behind the wheel of that car with something in there trying to hurt them.
And so that's why I feel like it's really important as believers that you have authority in your area.
Where are you in your area?
That's why I ask, 'Where are you from?
' because I have people on here, like I heard just a little bit ago, from Texas, Maine, and all kinds of areas of the United States, who have authority in their neighborhood that I don't have.
That's jurisdiction.
I pray over my area where I'm at, and I pray over our law enforcement.
I pray over our area for protection, for godly judges, for godly district people, that we would have righteous men and women rise up in power in our area, voting and doing what we're supposed to do, right?
If you live in Maine, I don't have that authority in Maine.
I don't have it in Texas because I don't live in Texas, but you do.
And that's why I try to encourage you to go around and pray over your neighborhoods as a grandma or grandpa, or whoever you are in your area, and the mamas and the daddies, or whatever.
Go out and pray over your schools, go out and pray over where you are and say, 'We apply the blood of Jesus over this area in the name of Jesus.
' And, 'I thank you, Lord, that my daughter, my son, they are protected as they go to school and college campuses.
' When I'm calling these things out and the Lord is revealing to us that there is a plan in the spirit, in the demonic, to try to cause mass casualties through tailgate parties in the days ahead, that was to tell you, if you live in Austin, if you live in these areas, you drive around and you pray over the streets where they have those tailgate parties.
Maybe you live by OU or wherever, and you go and protect, you pray.
If you don't pray and you don't rise up with a backbone and say, 'Hey, we're not going to have this,' and pray over your areas, I believe that's how a lot of things come through the cracks.
But whatsoever things you bind on earth are bound in heaven, and whatsoever things you loose on earth are loosed in heaven.
I believe that you can loose it or you can bind it.
You can release the angels to come and protect you and bear you up in their hands.
I believe that we have power and authority over all these things, covering our pastors, our ministers in the blood of Jesus.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
It's just so important that we do this in the days ahead, so much more.
As we see the day approaching, we need to gather together and pray like this even more.
And I know in my heart, I believe by the 23rd of this month, that's the point of no return.
What does that mean?
I've asked the Lord that a lot.
What is that truly?
What does that mean, Lord?
What do you keep saying to me?
'The point of no return.
' This is the point where you can't get the epidural anymore.
Well, that's really a metaphor, because there ain't nobody pregnant in my house.
But what are you trying to say?
The point of no return is the point of push in the spirit realm.
You need to know, Brandon, this is what's happening.
You're going to pray more.
So, it's a time of great acceleration concerning the finances.
So, as we see bad men influence decisions, I told you there's nothing going to stop the boat from going over the edge concerning the United States of America.
It can be delayed.
I saw the worst economic crisis crash this world has ever seen because people are not like they were in the 1930s.
People are aliens.
They act crazy over something now.
You know, there's no morals when it comes to a loaf of bread versus what there was when, if you didn't have it, people would share with you back then.
You needed a piece.
'Let me give you a slice, brother, because you're just human.
' But now they'll stack 15 in their car and you don't have one.
And if you try to grab a slice of bread, they'll shoot you for it.
It's a different generation.
You understand?
Men's hearts are growing cold.
The love of men is waxing cold is what I'm trying to tell you.
It's getting worse.
And that's why I'm trying to tell you all, you need to have a plan for your household of how you pray as a family—men, women, whoever, if you're single or whatever.
Take communion.
Pray every single day.
Anoint yourself with oil.
I don't get into all the little tricks.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, you'll see this channel doesn't make the enemy happy,' but I don't go into all the things that I go through because I don't give that punk any kind of pride or validation that he tries to get to you.
You understand?
As you can hear me, I keep standing, and I know when the winds try to come against me, I keep pleading the blood.
When all there else to do is stand, stand therefore.
Do you understand, even whenever you see the winds blowing around you?
So, we're going to take communion and we're going to pray.
I don't have a lot other than that.
I haven't been studying.
I've been resting.
So, I'm going to take communion with y'all, and we're going to do it as a family, and we're going to pray and see if he shows us anything.
If not, then we'll end it.
But I just wanted to come on and love y'all tonight and tell you we're praying for you, and we're so thankful for every single one of you.
We had a lot of those super thanks things, you know what I'm talking about.
We just want to say thank you for all of those.
We never ask you for nothing, but that's a blessing.
I just want to tell you we had—I'll give you a little bit of something—the company that we use for AI saw that we were using it a lot to translate our videos, and they said to us, 'Well, we're going to block you and only give you certain amounts because we had a subscription where we could pay them every month a certain amount of money.
' Well, they came to us and they said, 'It's going to start costing you $25,000 every time you do this.
' And I said, 'That's not fair.
That's a lot of money for this.
' 'Well, do you want to use our product or not?
' I said they're not based out of America, so there wasn't a lot you can do to come against that, right?
So, $25,000, 'We want it all up front.
' I said, 'Who's got $25,000 just to give you for this out of the blue, out of nowhere, and to sign a contract with you to do all this, right?
' But it's the best one out there for what I do.
It makes my voice sound like me to do this.
But through these little things, we got a big percentage of that money to be able to help negotiate through those little super thanks.
You all just giving it out of love to help me to put that gospel out.
It's the small things.
And I'm not crying.
It's not manipulation.
It's really from my heart.
I'm trying to tell you what the Lord is, because when the waves try to knock you down and you keep standing and you go, 'Hey, look what you've done through stuff like that.
' And it's been a blessing.
And I'd even turn it off now because I'm not doing it for that.
You could turn it off, Braden.
I'm not telling them for that.
But I'm telling you to tell you that what the devil tried to knock me down, he came through this week doing those things, and then I got sick and I thought, 'Boy, you really are ticked off at this.
' And I just wanted to take the time to tell you all thank you, because whenever things like that happen and people are trying to bully you and you go, 'But God, you know, but God, but God.
' We had over 20 people yesterday get born again just in South Korea alone off of an old video.
Twenty people got born again off of South Korea.
And it's so precious to me, the comment section in South Korea when they come on, and those people of Asia, they're just so humble and just receiving the gospel.
They're a very precious culture, and it blesses me so, the way they talk about it.
And even some of the people in China say, 'We watch you through NordVPN.
' Is that right?
Yeah.
Because if they catch them, friends that I've known have been put in jail for this, because the Chinese government does not want this being broadcast the way this is, what we're listening to, into the nation of China.
And so they say, 'We come over here through Nord VPN or whatever and watch you through this.
' And they were so excited because we are preaching the gospel to them, telling them about what Jesus is doing and how he's coming.
And so it's just things like that that you see—a people that you may never meet through a channel.
And it's getting people saved like South Korea and China, and it's such a blessing.
It truly is such a blessing.
And I just wanted to tell y'all we love you.
So, enough about that, but I just wanted to tell you, it just really meant a lot.
There's so many people that don't realize—some days it's just as encouraging.
All right, let's go.
Let's get out of that too much.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the body that was broken tonight.
I thank you, Lord, that you took care of us and you bore all that on your body, that Father, even snotty noses and the sore throats and things that we go through.
Father, I thank you, Lord, from flu to sicknesses, disease.
Father, you took it all on the cross for us.
And I thank you, Lord, that we are covered by the blood and that you watch over us.
Thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against us will prosper.
A thousand shall fall at our side and 10,000 at our right hand, but nothing shall come nigh us.
And I thank you, Lord, that we're healed and whole and well and you took care of us, and it's all done because of what you did for us in the name of Jesus.
We take the body in Jesus' name.
Lord, we plead the blood and we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
We thank you, Lord, for the blood and we plead the blood of Jesus over every single one of us tonight.
We cover every single one of us in the blood and we thank you, Lord, that my throat, my nose, my sinuses are healed and whole and well.
And Father, we apply the blood of Jesus over my family tonight and over us and all around this house.
And I plead the blood of Jesus over every single one of us.
And I thank you, Lord, that your angels, they bear us up in their hands, lest we dash our foot against a stone.
And we plead the blood of Jesus over us, Father.
And we thank you, Lord, that no witchcraft, no incantations, no chants, no voodoo, no nothing comes nigh us, Father.
And we thank you, Lord, that we have authority and we take our authority, Father.
We thank you, Lord, that the little things that try to get us to stumble along the way, Father, you've made a path for us, and you're just plowing the way like those icebreakers, Father.
And the things like these little things that have happened this week, Father, we thank you, Lord, that it stops.
We thank you, Lord, that we rise up and we take our authority over our nation, over our areas of influence, and we plead the blood of Jesus over us in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen.
So we plead the blood.
All right.
So, who wants to go, too?
Crying makes your nose run more.
It's, whatever, you know, just flesh.
You know, I turn it off.
I tell them from my heart, I tell people thank you, and then people go, 'Well, you're doing that because...
' I said, 'No, whatever, that's my proof right there.
I do it because Jesus told me to do it.
I just want to tell y'all thank you.
I get tired of the mouths, so many people with so much hate inside of them, and I go, 'Well, I don't give you a way to attack me.
I don't give you no way to attack Brandon.
' I'm here because Jesus has told me to be here, and I get so tired of all the hate.
And I just keep standing and say, 'You know what?
The enemy tried his hardest to knock you down, but you have to rise up against him and say, 'Hey, you're not bigger than me.
Jesus Christ dwells on the inside of me.
And you can try to come like a roaring lion any day of the week, but Jesus Christ paid the price for me to walk in victory over you.
He paid the price for me to walk in victory over you, right?
' So, Father, we thank you, Lord, for tonight and we come before you boldly in the name of Jesus.
We plead the blood of Jesus over this house.
We plead the blood of Jesus over us.
We apply the blood over their houses, over their bodies, over their minds, over their emotions.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you said in your word that by your stripes they're healed.
And Father, we believe.
We believe, God.
We believe in the name of Jesus that they are blessed in the city and the field, coming in and going out.
Father, you said in Deuteronomy 28 that whatever they have need of, Father, you're going to take care of it.
That they're the lender and not the borrower.
You know what?
I tell you what, if Diana was feeling good, I would tell her to come in.
She got an amazing book from a dear sister in the Lord that has scripture that is just absolutely incredible.
I love it.
It has all the scripture of what you're believing for, and I'm telling you what: the power, the anointing of the Holy Spirit.
My wife opened the book, and the fragrance of the Holy Spirit...
because usually, you know, we get a lot of things.
Do you have it, hun?
Yeah, thanks.
This is it.
She's watching the livestream in there.
This is the book we got from a dear sister.
And when she opened the book—because we get a lot of stuff from a lot of people, and some of it is just kind of way out there, new age, we get books from Scientology.
You wouldn't believe some of the things that you all are reading, thinking that it's okay, and you're filling your spirit with a cult.
And I go, 'Oh, no.
You shouldn't be reading that.
' But I mean, you're ministering to all over the world.
Do you know we had 80 million hits?
80 million people clicked on this over the time.
And over the last two days, we've had over a million people watch our broadcast all over the place.
Over a million people.
Isn't that amazing?
But I was going to tell y'all, this is scriptures.
And when she opened this book—because Diana's always like, she tests it and opens it—but the moment she opened it, the fragrance of the Holy Spirit came off of this book and hit her in the nose.
And you go, 'Oh, Brandon, no.
' I'm telling you, the fragrance of the Holy Spirit smelled like flowers.
And Diana said, 'The Lord said that I brought you this book.
' And so it has scripture all in it.
And so it is written, but we're quoting it three times a piece.
And I'm telling you what, you can feel a shifting when it comes to the word of God, getting this word down inside of your heart and shifting the atmosphere as you read these scripture keys.
So, I don't know.
It blessed me.
I'm not trying to sell it.
I'm trying to tell you something that blessed me.
So, just letting you know.
And then, do you remember I told you all that the Lord told me that there was going to be a lot more people going to hell and coming back to tell their story of what they saw as a witness to the end and where we are, that he was going to allow a lot of people to do that?
Well, I didn't know that Sister Billye Brim, the Lord had told her that she was going to start to see, have...
these people were going to have encounters of heaven and they were going to come back, and that she would write a book or they would write a book and that she would tell more about the visitations that they had going to heaven.
Well, she went to the Living Word Church on Saturday of this last week, at that revival where I told you all would break forth in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Well, she had a person reach out to her in Tulsa.
And I would love to know who these people are because they have a book.
Her husband died during COVID with the trach thing going down your throat making you breathe.
Well, he passed away in the hospital, supposedly.
I guess he was on life support.
You know, they have that thing breathing for you.
Well, he went to heaven and he came back, and he wrote all about this visitation that he had going to heaven, and it was another encounter of where we are in the last days because I believe God's bringing these people to warn everybody of what we're about to have.
He's showing me things, and I believe that, you know, showing this man...
it was back in COVID and the book comes out in October.
So I thought that was kind of cool.
I would love to speak to him and have an interview and talk about heaven because what I heard was beautiful, and it shows some of the things that the Lord...
he was talking about his war horses.
He was talking about Jesus's horse.
It was white.
It's exactly what I saw.
The things that I saw, he saw.
And so, it just is amazing, you know, when your stories are lining up with other people's and they don't know you and you don't know them, and then they have a book, they have detail about it and what the Lord is showing them about things, and I just get excited about it.
But the Lord told me that there would be more people in the days ahead that would have experiences of hell and come back and tell about it as a witness.
And I said, 'I'm really curious about these people.
What did they see?
What did they experience?
' I don't know, but I'm going to tell you, it's probably awful.
I know that there was a lady named Mina Lee who had written a book who was taken to hell, and the Lord let her see things, get to see things.
And so, I don't know, there was another man, I believe, that was in Australia when I first started this, that he said that he had a visitation of hell.
He died and went to hell, and he saw some things, and I'm just like, 'Wow,' you know?
But there are these encounters that I'm just curious about, these out-of-body experiences.
So, I don't know.
I got distracted again.
Let's pray again.
Sorry, squirrel.
Everybody said, 'What does that mean?
' It's like, you ever seen 'Up'?
That movie 'Up'?
I know it's Disney, don't throw eggs at me, but it was that movie 'Up' where that little talking dog that has the thing on his neck goes, 'Squirrel!
' The squirrel!
That's what my little girl...
he'd always be a little squirrel from the little balloon guy, whatever.
That's where I get that from, why I say 'squirrel' because he gets distracted.
So glory.
It's all I love.
It's cute.
That movie really tugs at my heart whenever he's in there and that song's playing, and he sees his life flashing before him and when they're young as little kids, and then all of a sudden they get old, and then she passes away.
They get married, and they're always putting money back for the vacation.
They didn't get to really truly enjoy the vacation.
They wanted to go to the falls.
And I'm telling you, I cry at a cartoon, y'all.
I cry when I watch that.
My little girl said, "Daddy, why do you play that?
" I said, "Because that makes you think.
That little cartoon makes me think.
There's something about it.
" And, like I said, don't get all upset, "Oh, Brandon, it's just a Disney movie.
" Well, that one scene, I'll play it several times and it makes you think.
I love things that challenge me on the inside that make you reflect: What are you doing with what God's given you?
What are you doing about it?
Because life is so short.
It goes so quick with what you've done and how you structure things.
As you see that Up movie, as you see him and he buries his wife, and you've got all this little stuff, and it's a cartoon.
It's really heavy for a cartoon for a little kid, but then the balloons take off and you go, "You know what?
Life's an adventure.
" Being here on this thing with you all is an adventure.
We're going to go tubing, and we'll see what the Lord has for us.
It's an adventure.
I just go, "Hey, I'm into the adventure of it.
What is the Lord going to show us?
What if he doesn't show anything at all?
I don't know.
Maybe he won't.
Sometimes he doesn't when I'm praying, but if he doesn't, I just go, "Hey, it was fun anyway.
" We don't do it for that.
We do it just to have a relationship with him, right?
So, Father, we just thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, for your blood.
We thank you, Lord, for your hand on us.
And we come before you boldly.
And I plead the blood of Jesus over my eyes and over my mind that I don't get snared by any satanic or demonic force.
And I thank you, Lord, that I only see and hear what you want me to hear and see in the name of Jesus.
And I plead the blood of Jesus over my eyes and over my mind and over my emotions.
And I thank you, Lord, that I'm not snared by any satanic or demonic force in the name of Jesus.
And I thank you, Lord, that we're here to help you in any way we can to pray over the atmospheres, to do the things that we need to do in the spirit realm, and make for many hands make light work in the name of Jesus.
And we praise you, Father, for it and give you honor and glory in the name of Jesus.
So, Father, we praise you.
We worship you.
I'm just going to have to pray in the spirit because I don't have anything else in English.
I don't, so I'm going to pray in the spirit.
Excuse me.
We thank you, Lord.
The healing power that flows on the inside of us, delivering us from all that tries to come on us.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Jesus.
Yeah.
Okay.
We're going to pray specifically again around our college campuses.
I'm seeing the football stadiums again.
And the Lord said, "Pray over the college games, over this for a divine protection concerning college football and major gatherings, major gatherings of a lot of people at one time.
" Do you understand?
Like the Dallas Cowboys, like the World Series, major events, major gatherings of mass people.
We're praying over that right now.
Okay, it's highlighted before me as I'm praying.
So, we're praying for every...
Now, I don't know where this place is, but I see some trees around this tailgate party.
I see there's trees and there's like a sidewalk, and I see these trees.
They look similar to oak trees, but wherever this is, I see trees on the sidewalk where there is like a parking space, like where you would tailgate.
I'm seeing this place again and it's highlighted before me, and I see the stadium in a distance.
I see the stadium in a distance.
Give me a little bit more, Lord.
I see a skeleton of a longhorn facing down.
Facing down.
It's down like a longhorn facing down.
But this is a skeleton with just bone.
This is a skeleton that is a structure of a cow that has completely been boned.
It's bone only with horns facing down.
Facing down.
Do you understand?
Horns.
And it's the skeleton of this thing upside down is what I'm seeing.
I see this picture right now.
They put him up.
We pray over every area of this.
We pray over the areas.
We pray over the young people, over the fans.
I see people with white cowboy hats on.
I see white cowboy hats.
I see people with white cowboy hats.
I see in particular this one girl.
She's blonde-headed.
She has a white cowboy hat on.
She's a blonde-headed girl.
I don't know why the Lord highlights her, but she has her hair, and it's short, and it's in like pigtails behind her right here, coming out right here by the back.
Her hair is pulled back.
It has two stubby pigtails on it with this white cowboy hat on.
I don't know why I'm seeing this young woman.
I don't know who she is.
No, it doesn't have anything to do with her.
The Lord said, "I'm painting a picture of the surroundings of where you're praying into.
" The Lord said, "It has nothing to do with the young woman, Brandon," is what he just said to me very sternly.
He said, "It has nothing to do with the young woman.
It has everything to do with what she's a part of, this event.
It's about the event.
We're praying into this event, praying over the tailgate parties, praying for the mass gathering of people.
" There's a man dressed in solid black.
There's a man dressed in solid black.
He has a black trench coat on.
He is very dark.
It's what people call emo.
There's a group of people and I see internet chatter.
I see internet...
Okay, this vision's starting to unfold.
I see internet chatter.
Okay, I want you to hear me very...
I'm not stereotyping any group out.
I want you to hear this.
But I see...
Okay, this is much bigger than the young man that just went home.
Remember I told you I saw a certain person with a lot of money having a meeting with the devil?
Okay, they were having this meeting, and they were saying, "How do we cause instability to take away the Second Amendment and do these things?
" Now, this certain group of people that I'm seeing right now, okay, it happened in Minnesota.
Same kind of...
How do you say this without stereotyping people?
But I'm just telling you they've given themselves over to the demonic.
What happened to this man with Charlie?
Who is he connected to through text messaging and things like that, right?
It's a group of people, but they've given themselves over to the demonic.
So the devil has more influence on their thinking because of the fact that they've yielded themselves over to him more than anybody else through a lot of darkness.
This emo Minnesota thing, think about it.
This is the same thing what I'm seeing at this college campus.
I see this person who has a black outfit on, and behind there's internet chatter, feeling like an outcast.
They must have social reckoning.
Their day is coming because of what this college in particular stands for with this state.
Feeling bullied, feeling justified by their actions for feeling bullied because of what you would consider, I don't know.
I can't keep going this road.
I'm on a livestream, y'all, and it's a liberal platform.
You've got enough of it.
The Lord said they've got enough.
Okay, so in this, I see this group of people trying to transition and they are angry.
They are angry at this college campus.
Okay, so we pray for a defusing of this demonic spirit because bottom line is, folks, we're wrestling not against flesh and blood.
We're wrestling against principalities, powers, and spiritual wickedness in high places.
We're wrestling against the demonic that is influencing them.
Principalities work through personalities, okay?
So if you're dealing with an individual, you're not dealing with them—you're dealing with the principality influencing their personality because they've yielded to it.
So whenever you're seeing the demonic and you see a meeting like what I saw, that meeting is: how do we infiltrate the weakness of a man's mind to make him do heinous acts in the spirit realm through a principality working through a personality?
Because you think, why does it have to be just this group of people?
What's going on with this group of people?
Well, they've yielded themselves over to the demonic more.
So the principality is working through the personality through anger, rejection, and just a demonic spirit.
So they look through things that are already there through sexual perversion, because the enemy preys upon sexual perversion because it's an abomination to the Lord.
So that's me trying to explain it as best as I can, just what I saw in a vision right then.
I probably shouldn't have done it, I should keep praying into it, but I'm trying to help you.
Yeah, Mario.
No, no, no.
He said they say it's the same reason why a church would be a target.
I see a major church as a target.
Another...
You understand what I'm trying to tell you?
It's about what they stand for.
It's a mega church.
I thank you, Father, that Homeland Security would find this internet chatter.
I thank you, Father, that this internet chatter would be uncovered in the name of Jesus.
All hidden things be revealed to Homeland Security, the FBI, and the fine line between freedom of speech and a terroristic threat.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they would already know it's coming.
Our Homeland Security, our FBI, our people would know, our law enforcement would know ahead of time because I see it being talked about on like a chat again.
They're talking, and they try to find camaraderie with friends, so they boost themselves up.
This is like a spirit trying to get the guts to do it through coming on there to talk about it, to try to influence them, to give them courage.
You understand?
They talk on there, "Oh, yeah.
" But what happens is demons are talking to demons and it's like when you stir up a hornet's nest and they're bouncing off each other.
That's what I see.
And it's in black.
I see black drawings.
They're on a white background, and I see black on this white background.
A white big board with black drawings, and it's like demonic symbol stuff.
I feel like this is on this person's computer.
Holy Spirit, I thank you that you flood that person right now, that you flood them with the overwhelming love of God right now, that they would repent and they would have an encounter with you even right now in the name of Jesus.
And there would be hearts changed.
There's nothing too big, there's nothing too dark for you to overcome the reaction to what they're getting through the demonic.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for angels' aid and assistance.
Oh Lord, I see an apartment room.
I see like a bedroom.
I see firearms and clips and things all lined on the wall.
They're on the wall.
We call every plot, every plan, every scheme of the evil one to be uncovered in the name of Jesus.
You will not do this.
You will not cause mass casualties.
In the name of Jesus, we call every stronghold, we call every demonic plan, every demonic plot uncovered in the name of Jesus in these chats, in these places of influence with them through music, through this demonic stream.
We call you down in the name of Jesus, that the church would rise up and pray.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that they would have great boldness.
Oh goodness.
This individual has longer hair, brown.
This individual has brown hair, probably around 185 to 195, somewhere around in there.
Do not say anything else.
I need to—I'm going to take notes of that here, son, but I can't now because I'm on a livestream.
Holy Spirit, I ask you to help me to remember everything I'm seeing.
We pray a hedge of protection around every tailgate party, around every student body around the college campuses over there when they're having a good time, they're listening to music, they're distracted.
I pray a hedge around and about, and heightened security.
Heightened security about the law enforcement that are there.
I see law enforcement on bikes.
I see a law enforcement officer on a bike, a mountain bike.
I see him.
He has a gruff-looking shadow on his face.
He hasn't shaved in a little while; his face has a little shadow.
He has a helmet on.
I see this man.
We pray over his life that he's protected.
I pray over him to be heightened in his alertness.
Father, I thank you, Lord, right now that there's a hedge around and about this man, that no weapon formed against him would prosper.
I thank you that a thousand shall fall at his side and ten thousand at his right hand, but nothing shall come nigh him, for him and his backup.
I see a female officer and she's on a bike also.
I see her helping, and this is foreign.
I hear the name Carrie.
I hear the name Carrie, and I don't know why I'm hearing this name Carrie.
They come over.
Even in the cars, I see things that are on the cars, underneath them.
Underneath them, I see they don't know what they're doing.
They tried to make some kind of device on this car, but these people are not educated.
They tried to make something homemade.
This is black powder.
This is like something that has a fuse on it, but it's not something like somebody who really knows what they're doing.
It's in a tube and it's tried to be on this as a distraction.
Yeah, these people are not educated, they're just angry.
It's demonic spirits angry, influencing these personalities.
And these are people that are weak-minded in this area because of the principality working through the personality.
Oh Lord, over every single one of these students, I thank you, Lord, that it never happens over every single one of them.
I see them.
Oh Lord, I thank you for your mercy concerning these faces I see.
Oh God, concerning these sons and daughters, Father, that you have mercy on these people.
Thank you, Lord, that the light would be brighter than this darkness that I see on these people and that, Father, you are uncovering it in these chats.
It's some kind after this incident.
Listen, if you're law enforcement and you're listening to me, after the incident with Kurt, with this man, Charlie, they went into a deeper way of trying to cover up their stuff because their stuff's being uncovered.
So, it's a way of hiding it through trying to escape this area and go to a different area because what they are using is being uncovered.
The light is in the room and they're being exposed because of what was already there.
And thank God for Donald Trump.
Thank God for our president because I see his face right now and he's the one that caused this to happen.
He's the one that's uncovering all this darkness.
He's giving wisdom to the FBI and he's telling them to do this, and they're uncovering this darkness in these chat rooms.
They're doing this, but they're trying to go in a back door and hide through something over here so they can still have their thing.
I don't know if this is through a Nord, like a NordVPN, but they're trying to go through a back door and still have their party.
They have to have what I'm hearing in the spirit realm.
They have to have these people influencing them to rile those devils up inside of them, trying to give them courage because they're already insecure about who they are, insecure on what gender they are, insecure on everything, right?
So, they're trying to get a form of backbone through influence.
You know what's really interesting as I'm hearing it?
I hear demonic music playing in the background, and it sounds like those people yelling, like screaming, doing rock and roll screaming.
It sounds like those people talking in demonic voices, yelling in the background of that screaming grunge evil rock and roll music.
I hear this, and I see a demonic strobe light, listening to this music with a strobe light flickering with black all around them, and it's screaming music.
And they do it to charge themselves up.
And it's the demonic spirit through witchcraft music that is influencing their spirits to make them have energy, like it gives them courage.
You've got to be very cautious what you listen to.
It's not okay to listen to certain things and you feed your spirit full of this trash and you think, "Well, it's just music.
" No.
Satan was over the music and he influences through music because that's what his specialty was and he's good at it.
So people start feeding on that and demonic spirits grow on the inside of them, getting stronger because your mind is becoming a reprobate mind from the trash you're listening to.
Not even all Christian music is good.
I'll be real with you.
You need to have discernment on what you're feeding your spirit.
It's very important what I'm telling you all right now, what I'm seeing.
Okay.
So, back to what the Lord said.
Back to these secret chats.
We call an uncovering over these chats, over our FBI, over our law enforcement, our sheriff's departments, all of them.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that it's uncovering this darkness in every area, every level, that there's no place to hide now.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that even the corrupt judges would find a new job.
We thank you, Lord, that even corrupt judges, very liberal, evil judges, Father, would just find a new job like Jimmy Kimmel gets to do.
He gets to find a new job today.
He's out looking for a new job.
Ha.
Ain't that wonderful?
He gets to find a new job today.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that just like Jimmy Kimmel, Father, gets to go find a new job, even these liberal judges get to go find a new job soon.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're uncovering the darkness of things that were said in chats and things that were publicly being said, Father, that would be exposing the darkness in these liberal judges.
They just stood up before me.
So, we thank you, Lord, for uncovering darkness.
You're uncovering darkness.
You bring in light.
You bring in light, Father.
We thank you, Lord, for light.
Light be in these areas in the name of Jesus.
Even in Tulsa.
I thank you, Lord, that harassing spirits are bound in Jesus' name.
I call harassing spirits to be bound in Jesus' name.
Cease and desist your maneuvering against us.
Cease and desist in Jesus' name against the body of Christ.
You harassing spirit, you bow your knee now in Jesus' name.
Father, I thank you, Lord, over every area, in Jesus' name, all around.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that we rise up and we take our dominion authority and we pray over our churches.
We thank you, Lord, that they are a house of prayer.
They're a house of great victory.
They're a house of fire.
They are there to be a place to be spiritual arsonists, to light people's fire, and to get them to spread it throughout the world.
Churches are not there to babysit, but they're there to raise up the babies.
You know what I'm saying?
You don't stay a baby.
You get on fire for Jesus and you go tell everybody else about it.
The pastors are there to help fan the flame.
We thank you, Lord, in Jesus' name.
Okay.
Now, the Lord said, "Now you prayed over that.
Now you're going to England.
" Gabriel.
Concerning Israel and the decision in the days ahead.
England, the United Kingdom, praying over their decision in the days ahead.
I see Israel.
I see the week of the 23rd again, and I see England, and I see the Prime Minister of England.
Trump influencing the decision because of this week.
Trump influencing the royals in the decision because of this week.
There's great influence there.
This man is easily swayed either way.
A born leader versus like a wheat.
You know how wheat blows one way whenever it's blowing from the north, and wheat blows another way when it's coming from the south, but it moves every direction.
This man moves every direction, and he needs a strong front.
I see a strong front coming by this, and I see Trump, strategic allies, strategic things happening right now in England.
What happened this week?
Do you understand this is what the parade and all that stuff was going on?
The Lord showed me into this strategic meeting, strategic things being said behind closed doors, looking for people to build camaraderie with.
Thank you, Father.
We thank you, Lord, for good decisions concerning England, the United Kingdom, Father, that they will have revival all throughout the United Kingdom and a great harvest of souls will take place like we've never seen before.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that there will be a great move of the Spirit of God all throughout England in the name of Jesus.
We pray into the week of the 23rd.
Thank you, Lord.
Between the goats and the sheep, we want to be a sheep nation.
We don't want to be a goat.
We want to be a sheep.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that England will flip to a sheep nation.
They will change.
Thank you, Lord.
Glory to God.
There's a lot of people just fed up there.
The Lord showed me those streets again full of people protesting.
There's a lot of people just fed up.
They want change in England.
There's a lot of good people there.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
Just good families.
Thank you, Lord, that they'll want to be a sheep nation, that they'll want to turn it around.
There'll be a turning around.
What does it matter?
You think?
It matters.
It matters who stands on the Lord's side.
It matters, our strategic things here.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord, for this next week.
We pray, even closing up this week, Father, going into next week.
We thank you, Father, for voices of reason, Father, that there would be people with some common sense rise up.
Common sense.
Thank you, Lord, for President Trump.
We pray over him, Father, that he has protection.
We pray a hedge of protection around and about him.
We pray over his family, over Don Jr.
, over Eric, over the girls.
Father, we pray over Barron.
We pray over Melania.
We pray over the vice president.
We pray over his children, over his wife, over our Supreme Court justices, over our law enforcement.
We thank you, Lord, that there's protection all around over our Senate and our House and over our people.
Father, we pray a hedge of protection, especially for what I see concerning Trump and his children.
We pray a hedge of protection around and about them that no weapon formed against them would prosper.
We thank you, Lord, Father, for our nation, over Chicago, over Boston, over Philadelphia, over New York, and over Washington, D.
C.
We pray as your protection over those areas right now in Jesus' name.
And we thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against them would prosper.
We pray a hedge of protection all around and about them in the name of Jesus over every person that's represented here that lives in those areas, not just any other area, but specifically those cities.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord, that your angels are watching over it and that they uncover every terrorist plot, every plan of the wicked in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, for our great nation.
We thank you, Lord, that there's protection over it in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord.
And everyone say amen.
I feel we covered a lot tonight.
I'm thankful for every single one of you that came out and helped pray.
It's a blessing.
We use Psalm 91 and Psalm 23 as scriptures that we stand by when you're praying.
'The Lord shall cause your enemies who rise up against you to be defeated before your face.
They shall come out against you one way and flee before you seven ways.
' I believe it.
Deuteronomy 28:7, 'The Lord shall cause your enemies who rise up against you to be defeated before your face.
They shall come out from you one way and flee before you seven ways.
' I believe for Deuteronomy 28:7 that is protecting our nation in the name of Jesus.
Deuteronomy 28:7 is protecting our president.
'The Lord shall cause your enemies who rise up against you to be defeated before you.
' I believe that for President Trump.
I believe that for our college campuses.
I believe that for our sporting events.
'The Lord shall cause thy enemies who rise up against you to be defeated before your face.
' They're going to be defeated before our face.
They go on there trying to mess with our college kids.
They're going to try to go over there, try to mess with our high school kids or whatever, any event in any area, political or not.
We thank you, Lord, that the Lord shall cause your enemies who rise up against you to be defeated before your face, they shall come out against you one way and flee before you seven ways.
I believe, I receive in the name of Jesus.
Deuteronomy 28:7.
For it is written.
It is written, devil.
'The Lord shall cause your enemies'—do you believe that?
It is written, devil, 'The Lord shall cause your enemies who rise up against you'—they try to rise up against us—'to be defeated before your face.
They shall come out against me one way and flee before me seven.
' I believe, I receive in the name of Jesus Deuteronomy 28:7 for our nation, for our college campuses, for our president, for his children and his grandchildren, over our judges, over our nation, in every area of our life—our finances, our marriage, our children.
The Lord shall cause your enemies who rise up against us, Father, who rise up against our kids, they will be defeated before us, Father.
They shall come out against us one way and they will flee before us seven ways.
I believe, Father, for these are our promises and that you protect our families.
You protect us, Father, in the name of Jesus.
And then, Father, we thank you, Lord.
You said: 'You shall command the blessing upon you in your storehouse and in all that you undertake, and he will bless you in the land which the Lord your God gives you.
And the Lord shall make you have a surplus of prosperity through the fruit of your body and of your livestock and of your ground and the land which the Lord swore to your fathers to give you.
' And have a surplus—the Lord said he would give us a surplus of blessing.
It says it right here in the Bible and I believe it.
'The Lord shall make you have a surplus.
' Deuteronomy.
'The Lord shall open to you his good treasures, the heavens to give the rain into your land in the season, and to bless all the work of your hands.
And you shall lend unto many nations, and you shall not borrow.
' That's a surplus.
'And the Lord shall make you the head, not the tail.
' See, that's why I always say that, it's one of my favorites.
So, that's what we stand on: Deuteronomy 28:7 today for our nation.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for all these people with so much going on inside of them, that they have peace and that, Father, we have Deuteronomy 28:7 as our blessing, that you said you would protect us and they'll have to go—they'll fall.
They'll be defeated right before our face.
And they may come out at us one way, but they'll leave from trying to get away, scattered like cockroaches seven different ways.
They're coming in one way, but they're leaving seven.
They're going, 'I'm getting out of here.
' Why?
Because he said that they would do it if you believe it.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord, tonight for this time of prayer.
We receive it, Father, and it is written.
And Father, let it be done for our college campuses, for our kids, for us.
Father, your hand of protection is on us, and we call everybody healed and whole and well in the mighty name of Jesus.
Well, here comes the point in time where I ask you for something.
Could you please help me subscribe, subscribe, subscribe?
If you're here for the first time and you're just checking out the station, subscribe to it.
Stick around, help us pray.
We really appreciate it.
We're believing for a million men and women army, all to the glory of God, to reach the lost for Jesus.
And every single one of you help us with the algorithm because, I'm telling you, we're not the most popular, I'm sure, on YouTube to what they want to put out there for their content for their people.
Braden said the click-through rate of the impressions of how they promote your channel is way down over here.
But every time you all say something in the comment section, click the like, all that boosts it, so it's being seen.
So we just want to say thank you for telling your family, for telling your friends about us because word of mouth helps.
The best form of advertisement is positive word of mouth.
Hey, they're praying.
And so we're excited about South Korea.
We're excited about our China channel and our Japan and all the things that God is doing here in these last days.
And so, every one of you, we just want to tell you we love you.
Thank you for your support.
Thank you for always loving all my family the way you do and saying something nice down below for us and doing all that you do.
That's what I have for you tonight.
I'm going to go and get something to drink and take a break.
But I just want to tell y'all, God bless you all and we'll see you again.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.